hey what's up guys explanation pro is
here today i'll explain the war action
film titled t-34 spoilers ahead watch
out and take care the beginning of the
film displays a war zone the year is
1941 set in the outskirts of moscow
russia a truck is heading somewhere
suddenly stopping after noticing a sign
beside the road there are two men inside
the truck one of whom is nikolai a tank
commander of the russian army who gets
down and violently breaks the road sign
using an axe along with him is a young
private who is on the lookout just then
a war tank from the opposing german army
arrives catching sight of the
approaching truck they both rush to
start their engine in hopes of making
their escape but instead of going for
the opposite direction they boldly drive
towards the german tank the tank attacks
them mercilessly yet to their surprise
nikolai skillfully steers and dodges the
attacks the german attack in return
redirects their aim and chases them as
they drive further nikolai cues his
comrade to count from one to four to
which the young private obliges nikolai
maneuvers the truck and is able to dodge
every attack at his comrade's queue
leading to their successful escape upon
reaching their destination he comes to
note that the germans have already
destroyed much of their shelters and
killed many people the russian army
realizes how much of a loss they are
currently in the captain then introduces
nikolai to the last team alive composing
a group of soldiers who specializes in
operating tanks nikolai meets his new
form crew and encourages them to fight
the germans but instead everyone mocks
and laughs at him in disbelief reason
being is that only one medium tank
remains and is currently damaged nikolai
on the other hand does not care less and
pushes through as he formulates a plan
of interference towards the germans
using the remaining t-34 medium tank the
next day tank commanding officer klaus
yeager and his german army are spotted
driving with their tanks on the village
where they are taking shelter currently
in hiding nikolai instructs his crew to
fire towards the designated area as soon
as the germans reached the place in a
flash two of the german tanks are blown
away with missiles not long after klaus
discovers their location and another war
breaks out as missiles lunch one after
another from all corners of the entire
village ikolai and his crew cleverly
destroys a number of german tanks
unfortunately the germans kill one of
their soldiers who happens to be the
controller of t-34 one of their
crewmates named stefan takes over and
attempts to get them all out of the
village the russian and german tanks go
face to face and start firing at each
other ending the war by destroying each
other's tanks nikolai and stefan both
survive nikolai attempts to take a very
injured stefan to a safe place but is
shot and captured by klaus in the
process three years later a group of
nazis are seen taking jewish prisoners
to their camp in the train the assigned
commander orders everyone to kneel down
with the help of a russian translator
named anya one man ignores the orders
and agitates the commander this man is
none other than nikolai who seems to
have lost his sense after being shot
being a prisoner for three years he
attempts to escape seven times but
ultimately fails the commander gains
intel of his attempts and decides to
lock him in a special block where they
torture nikolai for weeks
subsequently klaus is on the move on
shaping his tank battalion to be as
strong as the russian army he comes to
the same camp which holds prisoner 24
russian soldiers who are part of the
tank room klaus takes notice of nikolai
and his bravery therefore choosing him
as the best among the prisoners klaus
meets nikolai in his cell together with
anya where nikolai learns of his
intentions klaus offers nikolai another
chance to live by commanding him to
train the german soldiers nikolai
refuses his offer urging klaus
threatening him into killing anya which
then prompts him to agree the next
morning all prisoners are gathered for
this election the germans bring nikolai
in to choose the best soldiers nikolai
recognizes many of his comrades faces he
sees stefan who also survived at night
after this election they take the
prisoners to a different place and
assigns them the t-34 russian tank which
is able to destroy many of the german
tanks klaus commands nikolai to repair
the attack within one week nikolai on
the other hand agrees with the
underlying intention of drawing up a
plan to escape the camp with his team
anya gains inside of this plan while
standing behind
they all go inside the tank where
nikolai finds dead russian soldiers and
six armor-piercing rounds
nikolai seizes the opportunity and
persuades klaus into arranging a proper
burial for their dead soldiers
after getting his permission they hide
the rounds under the clothes of the dead
bodies
bringing the bodies for a burial on an
open field and buries them days continue
to pass and everyone works on repairing
the tank while progressing on nikolai's
escape plan
on the other hand klaus is accompanied
by anya visiting from time to time to
get more information from nikolai
regarding the war
nikolai and his crew successfully
repaired the tank klaus calls for a
training exercise and comes with his
companions upon hearing the news nikolai
and his team demonstrate how the tank
works and shows them how the tank
functions during the war which impresses
the nazis klaus however does not trust
nikolai and his selected crew which
exhorted him into surrounding their
training grounds with landmines anya
overhears this information and tells
nikolai she uses it to convince nikolai
to take her with them in their escape
offering to bring them a map that
reveals a safe route out of the camp the
next morning nikolai and his team return
to the field where they hid the
armor-piercing rounds and carefully
sneak the rounds back in the tank
mentally conditioning themselves for the
coming war meanwhile anya quietly slips
in classes room using her entry pass and
cautiously steals the map she leaves
unnoticed by the nazis who are in the
middle of training after retrieving
munitions nikolai together with his team
create the smoke screen to mask their
movements they start attacking the
german tanks right after and targets
klaus and his german soldiers at the
tower klaus and one of the other
officers survived the attack the
oblivious nazis finally gains awareness
of the situation but before they can
even respond nikolai charges ahead
destroying everything that comes on
their way and triumphally escapes
through the main gate during the attacks
anya anxiously waits for nikolai's t-34
at the bus stop she beams at the side of
the tank coming closer proving them
victorious of their plan as she
contentedly boards the tank the nazis on
the other hand tirelessly tries every
possible way to catch them they command
their entire army to chase down and
capture nikolai and his team they
estimate the amount of fuel and sealed
attack has taken and utilizes it to
track their possible location right at
that moment stefan informs everyone in
the t-34 of the low fuel where nikolai
suggests for him to head towards the
nearest town as soon as possible the
locals in the said village panic at the
side of the tank nicolai and his team
take this advantage and are able to grab
some food clothes and other essential
goods they immediately leave soon after
coming across a german tank on the way
they fortunately survive the shots as
they opt out from the driving on the
main road and instead aims for the route
that leads to the forest klaus comes to
learn everything and takes action
himself in searching for the t-34 he
boards his plane and flies to search
through the forest from above he
effectively finds nikolai and his team's
whereabouts before sunset clueless of
the fact nikolai decides for everyone to
stay in the forest they dive into the
nearby river keeping all the worries
aside for a while as they enjoy the
moment of freedom during the night they
were soon planning their movement for
the next day nikolai suggested they
should drown the tank in water but the
others refused to do so promising each
other to fight the nazis hand-in-hand
anya girl stands from hearing about the
war seeing her worry nikolai approaches
her and consoles her for the first time
moreover he confesses his feelings to
anya at that time klaus and his soldiers
take advantage of the darkness and enter
the forest they surround the entire area
where nikolai and his crew are hiding
nikolai and his team hear a sound which
alarms their senses and quickly escapes
on their way nikolai gives the map to
anya telling her to go to the nearby
town and take shelter there as they say
goodbye he asks her to wait for them
until the next night they part ways from
there nikolai together with his team
successfully reach the nearby village
before sunrise much to their dismay they
notice a german trolley coming to our
realization that they are completely
surrounded by the germans they decide to
take a shortcut but failed as they come
across another german tank that is
operated by an officer in the name of
bullchak fall truck attacks at t-34
where klaus gets his q ordering his team
to surround a specific area nikolai
senses the danger cleverly dodging
volck's attack yet again along with the
attacks of the german tanks from both
sides they plot and escape by breaking
through a wall leading to a narrow lane
nikolai and the rest of the crew and the
t-34 recklessly charged through the
narrow lanes only to face another german
tank on the other end both tanks fire at
each other favoring the russians during
the blast-off from a distance anya hears
the blast filled with worry and distress
for nikolai and his crew before she
starts walking again on the battlefield
nikolai's crew cites another tank aiming
at them but before it attacks them
someone fires at the tank first this
happens to be done by volchok with his
half-destroyed tank this unexpected move
from valchok leaves nikolai and klaus
utterly surprised vultr continues to
attack more germans but klaus advances
in the snap before vultra can fire at
his tank klaus injures him and blows off
valtruck's tank in return nicolas and
his crew reach a point of demotivation
upon witnessing this but nikolai
persists not long after he again tells
his comrades to not lose hope and
reminds them of their promise to each
other he also warns his team of the last
remaining german tank which klaus is
maneuvering nikolai signals them their
attack and both tanks fire at each other
initially miss aiming
with only one armor piercing round left
nikolai comes out of the tank and
briefly talks to klaus he tries to hold
him off when klaus invites him to a duel
nikolai grabs the opportunity to request
a wish for the last time where he wishes
to pick up his injured companion valchok
and be with him at their last war after
hearing his last request klaus has done
but eventually agrees to it the both of
them head to a narrow stone bridge
leaving the village behind nikolai and
the t-34 are at a disadvantage only with
an option of dodging classes every
attack but the crew boldly charges
steering towards the german tank head-on
following nikolai's every signal stefan
who is steering the t-34 continuously
dodges every single attack from klaus
shots fired them one after another until
their weak spot is hit stefan takes
their tank and hits class with it before
he makes any move with their last
remaining round they sharply aim and
shoot at klaus's tank successfully
damaging it klaus comes out of the tank
heavily injured where he finds nikolai
standing with a rifle aiming at him
looking at nikolai he realizes and
accepts his defeat nicolai on the
contrary but the rifles aim away from
him and grabs klaus's hand as he and his
tank are about to fall off the bridge
but klaus for the first time praises his
opponent with a handshake and lets go
from nikolai's grasp permitting himself
to fall to his death along with the
german tank the film comes to an end
with anya reuniting with nikolai and the
rest of the crew outside the village
carrying volca alongside as they walk
their way back to russia thank you so
much for watching if you enjoyed this
video please hit the like button and
also subscribe to my channel for more
videos like this see you in the next
video